thus says the Lord God the Gateway of
the inner court that faces toward the
east shall be shut the six working days
but on the Sabbath it shall be opened
and on the day of the new moon it shall
be opened the Prince shall enter by way
of the vestibule of the Gateway from the
outside and stand by the gatepost
the priests shall prepare his burnt
offering and his peace offerings he
shall worship at the threshold of the
gate then he shall go out but the gate
shall not be shut until evening likewise
the people of the land shall worship at
the entrance to this gateway before the
Lord on the Sabbath's and the new moons
the burnt offering that the prince
offers to the Lord on the Sabbath day
shall be six lambs without blemish and a
ram without blemish and the grain
offering shall be one Aoife for a ram
and the grain offering for the lambs as
much as he wants to give as well as a
hint of oil with every Eva on the day of
the new moon it shall be a young bowl
without blemish six lambs and a ram they
shall be without blemish he shall
prepare a grain offering of an ether for
a bull and Eva for a ram as much as he
wants to give for the lambs and a hint
of oil with every Eva
when the Prince enters he shall go in by
way of the vestibule of the Gateway and
go out the same way but when the people
of the land come before the Lord on the
appointed feast days whoever enters by
way of the north gate to worship shall
go out by way of the south gate and
whoever enters by way of the South gate
shall go out by way of the north gate he
shall not return by way of the gate
through which he came but shall go out
for the opposite gate the Prince shall
then be in their midst when they go in
he shall go in and when they go out he
shall go out at the festivals and the
appointed feast days the grain offerings
shall be an ephah for a bull an ephah
for a ram as much as he wants to give
for the lambs and a hin of oil with
every Eva
now when the Prince makes a voluntary
burnt offering or voluntary peace
offering to the Lord the gate that faces
toward the east shall then be open for
it and he shall prepare his burnt
offering and his peace offerings as he
did on the Sabbath day then he shall go
out and after he goes out the gate shall
be shut you shall daily make a burnt
offering to the Lord of a lamb of the
first year without blemish you shall
prepare it every morning and you shall
prepare a grain offering with it every
morning a sixth of an ephah and a third
of a hint of oil to moisten the fine
flour this grain offering is a perpetual
ordinance to be made regularly to the
Lord thus they shall prepare the lamb
the grain offering and the oil as a
regular burnt offering every morning
thus says the Lord God if the Prince
gives a gift of some of his inheritance
to any of his sons it shall belong to
his sons it is their possession by
inheritance but if he gives a gift of
some of his inheritance to one of his
servants it shall be his until the year
of liberty after which it shall return
to the prince
but his inheritance shall belong to his
sons it shall become theirs
moreover the Prince shall not take any
of the people's inheritance by evicting
them from their property
he shall provide an inheritance for his
sons from his own property so that none
of my people may be scattered from his
property now he brought me through the
entrance which was at the side of the
gate into the holy chambers of the
priests which faced for the north and
there a place was situated at their
extreme western end and he said to me
this is the place where the priests
shall boil the trespass offering and the
sin offering and where they shall bake
the grain offering so that they do not
bring them out into the outer court to
sanctify the people then he brought me
out into the outer court and caused me
to pass by the four corners of the court
and in fact in every corner of the court
there was another court in the four
corners of the court were in enclosed
courts 40 cubits long and 30 wide all
four corners were the same size there
was a row of building stones all around
in them all around the four of them and
cooking hearths were made under the rows
of stones all around and he said to me
these are the kitchens where the
ministers of the temple shall boil the
sack
vices of the people
[Music]